<html><head><meta name="color-scheme" content="light dark"></head><body><pre style="word-wrap: break-word; white-space: pre-wrap;">PERSONAL DATA PROCESSING POLICY



1. Who are you?

1.1. I am Pavel Marceluch and because you play my app VRtuos, I process your personal data as a controller under the European Union Data Protection Regulation.

1.2. If you have problems understanding anything in this document, do not be afraid to contact me at privacy@vrtuos.eu.



2. What will I find in this document?

2.1. Below you will learn why, to what extent, for what purpose and for how long I process your personal data. You will also learn who will have access to your personal data and what your rights in relation to the processing of the personal data are.

2.2. I respect your right to privacy and despite the fact that I try to process as much information as possible as anonymized or pseudonymized data, I want you to know that your data is safe with me.



3. What kind of personal data about me are you collecting and why?

3.1. So that you can use VRtuos and I am able to repair and improve the app, I collect the following data about you:

identification data (Avatar, nickname or UserID under which you are registered, etc.);
technical data (data about your device etc.);
data concerning your use of VRtuos (when and how and how successfully you play the app).
I only use these personal data for the two below-specified purposes:

to enable the functioning of VRtuos and
to create statistics contributing to the improvement of the app.
3.2. Firstly, I need your personal data described above (identification data, technical data and game use data) so that the app is functional, including the Companion app etc. The reason for such processing is based on the necessity to fulfil the agreement between you and me.

3.3. Some of your personal data I need to process for my statistical purposes. These include either purely technical data (i.e. information not containing any personal data at all) or the other above-described data in pseudonymized form.



4. How will you process my personal data?

4.1. With regard to the above-mentioned purposes, it is apparent that I do not need your personal data in a form that enables your identification. For this reason, I am going to process the information (especially statistics) in aggregated (non-identifiable) form as much as possible and where this is not possible, I am going to process the information in the pseudonymized form as much as possible.



5. Do you need my consent for the processing?

5.1. In fact, I do not need your consent because for all the forms of processing I have other legitimate reasons (because this is necessary for the fulfilment of the agreement or it is in my legitimate interest).



6. For how long will you process my personal data?

6.1. Only for the time for which you use VRtuos and at the maximum until you delete your account on any platform which you used to purchase my app (as per. Art. 8.2.) or until you ensure complete erasure of VRtuos from your library on any given platform. However, most of the data is kept in the aggregate form only (when you cannot be identified) and only for as long as necessary.



7. Do I have to give my personal data to you? Do you have to process them?

7.1. If you want to use VRtuos, I need the said personal data so that I can enable you to use the app. Unfortunately, this is not possible without your personal data.



8. To whom do you transfer my personal data?

8.1. I have the personal data in my possession for the whole time.

8.2. Apart from me, however, your personal data are also processed by the platforms through which you have purchased my app:

8.2.1. Oculus

8.2.2. Sidequest

8.3. Your personal data are also processed by Firebase, which ensures the creation and management of statistics concerning my app as mentioned above. (Privacy policy available at: https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy)



9. What rights do I have?

Content of this section

9.1. Having regard to the fact that I process information concerning you, you may assert certain rights about which I want to inform you in this section. You may assert all the rights by e-mail at privacy@vrtuos.eu.

Right to access

9.2. You have the right to access the processed personal data concerning you. I will provide this data to you free of charge on the basis of your request sent to privacy@vrtuos.eu.

Right to rectification

9.3. I only need to process your accurate personal data. You have the right to the rectification of your personal data which are processed incorrectly.

Right to erasure

9.4. Under any circumstances you have the right to demand that I erase your personal data.

9.5. If you think that your personal data are no longer needed for the purpose for which they have been processed; if you believe that your personal data are processed by me illegally; or if I process personal data of a child without any parental consent given for such processing, you may demand that I erase your personal data.

Right to data portability

9.7. Another right you may assert is the right to data portability based on which I will hand over the personal data provided by you in a commonly used, structured and machine-readable format or if you require, I will transfer them to another controller of your own choice, where such transfer is technically feasible. 

Right to restriction of processing

9.8. If you believe that your personal data processed by me are incorrect, you have the right to demand that I restrict the processing of your personal data for a period necessary to verify the accuracy of your personal data and to rectify them if needed. You also have this right if the processing of your personal data is illegal but you do not wish for your personal data to be erased; if I no longer need your personal data for the above-specified processing purposes but you demand that your personal data are preserved for the purposes of the determination, exercise or defence of your legal claims; or if you have objected to the processing of your personal data on the basis of my legitimate interest.

Right to object to processing on the basis of legitimate interest

9.9. With regard to the fact that some of your personal data we process on the basis of our legitimate interest, you have the right to object to this processing. Based on the objection I will consider whether it really is in my interest to process your personal data for the given purpose. If I conclude that I do not have any significant legitimate reasons that prevail over your interests, rights or freedoms, I will terminate the processing of and destroy such personal data.

9.10. However, it needs to be stressed that such objection should be well-founded. Therefore, I recommend you to firstly obtain all the necessary information at the above-mentioned email address. 

Right to complain

9.11. If you find all the above-specified rights insufficient or if your opinion is that I in any way infringe upon your rights, you have the right to file a complaint with a supervisory body or a court.</pre></body></html>