<html><head><meta name="color-scheme" content="light dark"></head><body><pre style="word-wrap: break-word; white-space: pre-wrap;">Thank you for your interest in Virtual Boxing League, interactive online game ("The Game" or the "Game"). The Game is offered by Spellbook Studio, LLC. ("Spellbook Studio"), a company based in The United States dedicated to the creation of video games. You may play The Game using Spellbook Studio's proprietary software (the "Software").

Spellbook Studio may amend this document from time to time by posting an amended version.

By using this Software, System, servers or services, you accept the terms and conditions of the Privacy Policy. If you do not accept the terms and conditions, you must immediately discontinue use of the Software and not access the System or use The Game.

PRIVACY AND USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION

A. Communications

Except for certain information in your Account (discussed below), all transmissions by you to the System are not private. You acknowledge and agree that you have no expectation of privacy regarding communications you make in the Game, whether through private in-Game messaging, during chat, or in chat rooms. Spellbook Studio and/or its designated affiliates and representatives may monitor communications made by or received from you. You should not provide private information to any other player in the Game. Spellbook Studio shall not be responsible for the consequences of any such disclosure by you.


You may encounter and converse with people who are rude, offensive, belligerent, and who may use indecent, obscene, and/or threatening or harassing language while playing the Game or otherwise interacting within The Game.  You may report any instances of such behavior to Spellbook Studio. Spellbook Studio will investigate and take such measures as Spellbook Studio, in its sole judgment, determines are reasonable under the circumstances. Spellbook Studio does not guarantee that you will not encounter behavior of others that you may view as insulting, demeaning, offensive, threatening or harassing. You assume all risk associated with playing the Game, and Spellbook Studio assumes no responsibility for the conduct of any other players, and shall not be liable to you or any other person for their conduct.


B. Use of Personal Information

Definitions

The term "User Personal Details" means information relating to your personal Account details, including (but not limited to) your email address, profile name or other online identification, device type identification, unique device IDs (if available), preferences and settings, friend's lists, block lists, and language selection, any dates the foregoing data is modified, and any other information relating to your Account.


The term "User Gameplay Information" means any information relating to your play or use of the Game, including of your gameplay statistics, preferred strategies, in-Game transaction history and trends, history of technical issues and support usage, and history of contributed and received User Content.


User Personal Details and User Gameplay Information together constitute "User Data".


Collection and Use of User Personal Details

You acknowledge and agree that Spellbook Studio may collect and store User Personal Details and use them for the limited purposes of: (i) verification or authentication of a user's identity, (ii) establishing an Account with Spellbook Studio, (iii) the provision of services to users, such as gameplay, Game administration, and technical support, and (iv) marketing and offering Spellbook Studio products and services to you.  Any storage or use of User Personal Details will be subject to compliance with Spellbook Studio privacy policy.


Collection and Use of User Gameplay Information

You acknowledge and agree that Spellbook Studio may collect and store User Gameplay Information about you, both as an individual and aggregated with the User Gameplay Information of other users of the Game and the System.  In addition, you acknowledge and agree that Spellbook Studio may analyze and use such User Gameplay Information for the purposes of review, research, development, maintenance, operation, administration, and support, and for the marketing of Spellbook Studio products and services.


Transfer and Sharing of User Data

You agree that Spellbook Studio may transfer, share, and/or store your User Data where reasonably necessary to administer, operate, maintain and support the Game and the System. All transfer, storage, and use of User Data shall at all times be subject to Spellbook Studio's current privacy policy.


C. SECURITY AND DISCLOSURE OF USER DATA

Spellbook Studio does not guarantee that User Data transmitted to the System, including without limitation information in your Account and/or User Personal Details, will not be disclosed to third parties. While Spellbook Studio's aim is to keep your User Data confidential and Spellbook Studio employs security measures to protect the System, third parties may unlawfully intercept transmissions or private communications, or access data within the System.


Spellbook Studio may (and you hereby expressly authorize Spellbook Studio to) disclose information about you to private entities, law enforcement or other government officials, as Spellbook Studio, in its sole discretion, deems necessary or appropriate to investigate or resolve possible crimes or to respond to judicial, regulatory, agency or similar inquiries.


You further agree that in the event of a failure in the Game, the System and/or the Software, Spellbook Studio may provide crash dump information (which is information on the state of the System when a crash occurs, and may include your User Data) to third parties under suitable confidentiality restrictions in order to review analyze and provide reports on such information to determine the cause or correction of the failure.


D. MONITORING

You agree that Spellbook Studio may remotely monitor your Game hardware solely for the purpose of establishing whether in playing the Game and accessing the System you are using software created or approved by Spellbook Studio, or whether you are using unauthorized software created by you or a third party.

E. DELETE PRIVATE DATA

You may delete all privacy-related data at any time by sending a request email to Contact@Spellbook.com


For questions and clarification please email us at Contact@Spellbook.com</pre></body></html>