<html><head><meta name="color-scheme" content="light dark"></head><body><pre style="word-wrap: break-word; white-space: pre-wrap;">VR SAND TERMS OF SERVICE AND PRIVACY POLICY
1. Terms
By accessing the website at https://phylliida.github.io/vr-sand or playing the VR Sand game, you are agreeing to be bound by these terms of service, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this website and in games are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law.

2. Disclaimer
The materials on VR Sand's website and in games are provided on an ‘as is’ basis. Phylliida makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties including, without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights.
Further, Phylliida does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its website or in games or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.

3. Limitations
In no event shall Phylliida or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on VR Sand's website or in games, even if Phylliida or a Phylliida authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.

4. Accuracy of materials
The materials appearing on VR Sand's website and in games could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Phylliida does not warrant that any of the materials on its website or in games are accurate, complete or current. Phylliida may make changes to the materials contained on its website or in games at any time without notice. However Phylliida does not make any commitment to update the materials.

6. Links
Phylliida has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its website or in games and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Phylliida of the site. Use of any such linked website is at the user’s own risk.

7. Modifications
Phylliida may revise these terms of service for its website or games at any time without notice. By using this website or playing games you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these terms of service.

8. Governing Law
These terms and conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of The United States of America and you irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in that State or location.

9. Ackowledgment
You are great, thanks for using VR Sand.

10. Indemnification from harm, bodily or otherwise
You acknowledge that Phylliida Team is not responsible directly or indirectly for any bodily or psychological harm and property damage you may experience while using its website or games. Play safe though. Don’t hurt yourself.

PRIVACY POLICY
Your privacy is important to us.

It is Phylliida’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website and games. Accordingly, we have developed this privacy policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate, disclose and otherwise make use of personal information. We have outlined our privacy policy below.

We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use personal information solely for fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other ancillary purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by using reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We will only retain personal information for as long as necessary for the fulfilment of those purposes.
We will collect behaviour and gameplay information only for non-nefarious purposes
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained. Phylliida may change this privacy policy from time to time at Phylliida’s sole discretion.
</pre></body></html>