tag_num 4
tag_name Transformers Beyond Reality (English)
tag_jj Welcome to the fight against the Decepticons, human! Your new exosuit and weaponry have been built using a hybrid of Cybertronian and Terran tech. Put it on so we can kick some Decepticon tail-rudder!  The Decepticons have discovered an incredibly powerful but completely unstable and corrupting energy source called Synthetic Dark Energon. With this power, they can finally take over their home planet Cybertron and will destroy Earth in the process.  A human up against a Decepticon is in for a world of hurt. Lucky for you Earth scientists have been working with the Autobots, reverse engineering their highly advanced Cybertonian technology and combining it with human ingenuity. The result is an incredible Exosuit and weaponry, powered by Energon, that will finally even the odds for humans to take on the Decepticons in a pitched battle.  - Access advanced upgradeable Cybertronian tech designed for humans including miniguns, beam guns, swords, shields, and laser blasters.  - Dynamic equipment load-outs that let players choose their preferred style of gameplay. Go full offense, defense, or a mix of both.  - Challenging arcade-style gameplay with intuitive controls, high-energy action, and immediately battle-boosting power-ups.  - Frenetic non-stop action battling through swarms of Insecticons.  - Formidable boss battles against epic Decepticons such as Shockwave, Megatron, Starscream and Soundwave.  - Highly detailed graphics and immersive gameplay that gives the sense of scale that so many generations of TRANSFORMERS fans have always wanted.  - Cinematic continual action pushes forward, reducing issues with motion-sickness.  - Giant Autobot allies transform, including favourites like Bumblebee, Grimlock, and Optimus Prime provide protection and destroy obstacles.  - Scenic and relaxing tour of Cybertron! Ok not really relaxing since you’re taking the battle to the Decepticons on their home planet in the race to stop their ultimate weapon.  Get ready to take on the Decepticons and show them who's boss in this thrilling virtual reality adventure, in anticipation of the coming new movie, available now on PSVR2. Upgrade your game for free and see the updates for yourself or start your Transformers journey for the first time. Remember, the fate of the universe rests on your shoulders, soldier!  This product entitles you to download both the digital PS4™ version and the digital PS5™ version of this game.
tag_pp https://store.playstation.com/en-sg/product/UP2055-PPSA13726_00-0146925864854028#all-notices
